hey yo welcome back to our channel in
this video we'd like to share our guide
on how to play the ad carry jynx start
off with some basic things jinkx is a
6300 champ with a high scaling attack
damage this is extremely strong in the
lane and her kit it mixes with other
champ skills to make hers awesome she's
wanted a hybrid carries late game and
just one of the best ad carries that
legal legend has to offer with some pros
and cons suppose she has high poke great
wave player the highest base attack
speed of all a DC's good cleanup and
execute global alt finisher some cons
she has no movement speed without a kill
is pretty much one of the only things
that people complain about with jinx the
summoner spells that I like to take I
take flash and heal flash is one of her
only ways of escaping inhale and this
new meta is better than failure in a
recent patch right it changed he'll
spill so it's better than barrier Jesus
kid is one of the best in the game in my
opinion her passive get excited whenever
a tower or champ that jinxes dealt
damage to is killed she gets a movement
speed boost up to 175 percent that
decays over 4 seconds Jesus Q ability is
called switcheroo which allows jinx to
change from a minigun to her rocket
launcher the difference is her minigun
has less range but it shoots faster than
her rockets it also gains attack bonus
speed of the three studs Jesus rocket
launcher has a second highest range in
the game maxed out and it shoots rockets
that does area of effect damage to all
enemies
her w is called zap and it's a skill
shot at the zero point five second delay
it shoots a blast the hits and slows the
first enemy and get true sight of them
for two seconds jinx is a skill places
out three flame chompers that explode
dealing magic damage after five seconds
the enemy that set off the chopper is
rooted in place for 1.5 seconds jinx is
alt is a global skill shot the gains
bonus damage as it travels it does
damage based on the max hope that the
enemy has and nearby champions also take
eighty percent of the total damage
though this is personally my favorite
agency in the game and I tend to use a
quite a bit jinx been very good in
laning phase helps you get those skills
that you need to carry the game when it
gets late she does extremely well in
teamfights and as long as you poker the
zap and make sure that you use those
Rockets when you fight in the teamfight
your passive will automatically reset
and help you get those kills that you
need for those escaping enemies I'm fila
and this has been my guide to the loose
cannon jinx feel out